csvquote: add page (#3524)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/csvquote.md

# csvquote

> > Enables common unix utlities like cut, awk, wc, head to work correctly with csv data containing quoted delimiters and newlines

Reviewer: Looks like you missed a full stop here :slightly_smiling_face: 
```suggestion
> Enables common utlities like `cut` and `awk` to work correctly with CSV data containing quoted delimiters and newlines.
```

Reviewer 2: common utlities -> should be -> common utilities?

> More information: <https://github.com/dbro/csvquote>.

> - Replace quoted special characters in normal csv file:

Reviewer 3: CSV should be in capital here. And what is a normal CSV file ? And it should also be "in _a_ ... file"

Reviewer 4: @agnivade I suggested changes to speed the process up. Thanks for writing this down!

> - Replace quoted special characters in normal csv file:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Replace quoted special characters in a normal CSV file:
```

> `csvquote {{data.csv}}`

Reviewer: This will make it more consistent with other pages.
```suggestion
`csvquote {{path/to/data.csv}}`
```

> - Replace quoted special characters in normal tsv file:

Reviewer 3: Same as above. But for TSV

> - Replace quoted special characters in normal tsv file:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Replace quoted special characters in a normal TSV file:
```

> `csvquote -t {{data.csv}}`

Reviewer: This will make it more consistent with existing pages.
```suggestion
`csvquote -t {{path/to/data.csv}}`
```

- Restore quoted special characters from stdin:

`csvquote -u`

> - Most common use case:

Reviewer 5: Does this really explain what the example does?

Reviewer 3: I agree that it is confusing and could be clear. Please mention what the example is doing rather than just the fact it is the most common use case.

Reviewer 4: @tianshuo you missed this comment

Author: > @tianshuo you missed this comment

I have added a new commit

> `csvquote {{data.csv}} | {{do_some_kind_of_processing}} | csvquote -u`

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
`csvquote {{path/to/data.csv}} | {{command}} | csvquote -u`
```

> - Quoting an CSV file for `command` and unquoting after processing (Most Common Use Case):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Quote an CSV file for `command` and unquote after processing (Most Common Use Case):
```

Reviewer 3: Quote _a_ CSV file. And please remove "(Most Common Use Case)"

> - Quoting an CSV file for `command` and unquoting after processing (Most Common Use Case):

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Quote a CSV file for `command` and unquote after processing:
```
